# Viz
  Viz is an audio-reactive jitter visual originally created by Mosato Tsutsui. When I first started with the patch it was a visual that only reacted to audio inputs through my computer's microphone. According to the audio coming in the visual would react by moving and changing color randomly. Since then I’ve re-named and re-engineered it to do much more than that.
  
  The first thing I did to the visual was making it react to music I play through my laptop, rather than reacting to the computer's microphone. The second addition to the patch was the ability to control the visual with a Wii remote. I did this with a software known as OSCulator that allowed me to connect a Wii remote to the patch and program it to do what I wanted. I was able to map out MIDI CC and toggle functions to the Wii remote through OSC to control the visual structure, shape, orientation, rotation speed, and color. Making it a completely interactive aesthetic that a user could manipulate through motions and through toggles while it reacts to the users favorite music.
 
 Also as an extra I learned how to use the TouchOSC app which allowed me to map out the same exact functions of the Wii remote onto my phone. The best thing about TouchOSC is that it connects to OSC through a network rather than bluetooth. So it  gave me the convenience of being able to walk farther away from my computer and still be able to control the visual seamlessly.  Overall I researched and used OSCulator, TouchOSC and MAX7 to make all of this possible. 
